# Design Explanation
This document explains the reasonings behind why the level looks the way it is.

# Level Design
My main inspiration for the entire level came from all the Mario games I've played. This is why the collectibles (coins and healthpacks) and the enemy models mostly come from those games. One thing I noticed is that throughout some levels, they switch between different terrains, so I tried incorporating that within my level, hence the switch between stone based platforms and grass/dirt based platforms. I made the beginning area near spawn a large area to introduce the enemy types that the player will encounter throughout the level. I also made the pursuer type roam all around the platform near spawn to increase the chances the player will trigger the chase sequence. One thing you'll notice as you play through the level is there is always a bridge between terrain transitions. I added them purely because they made the most sense to act as a transition between terrains. The next part of the level is a short and difficult jumping puzzle. I decided to include this because I felt a platformer isn't complete without one and it adds a bit of challenge to the level. The final part of the level provides multiple options for the player to choose, none of which is the safest path. For this section, there are also scattered healthpacks that the player will need to go out of their way to obtain. Once the player gets past this point, it's the end of the level indicated by a gate that the player must walk through. Finally, throughout the level, the player will notice teleport platforms. However, some are traps that teleports the player way back. I did this because I wanted the player to learn through trial and error which platforms are actually safe should they choose to take one. 

# Mortar
For the mortar type enemy, I made them large cannons that provide a menace to the player and felt that shrinking the mortars to the size of the player completely removes this impact. I also made them fire randomly between +/- 60 degrees from their current rotation z rotation, instead of 360 degrees, and the mortar placements account for this. Because they are so large, I provided staircases for the player to destroy them. 

# Custom enemy type (Stationery Tank)
For my custom enemy, I decided to go with a stationery ranged enemy that does nothing if it doesn't see the player, but once it does, it shoots at the player once every 3 seconds. Because they function as turrets, I made the sight range really large and placed them so that the player is guaranteed to trigger its attack sequence. To avoid the player being stun-locked, I intentially made them wait 1 second before firing at the player, then wait an additional 2 seconds before repeating the sequence. The duration is set as is to require the player to strafe to dodge the projectiles. 

# Pursuer type
For the pursuer type, I will only talk about the placements. I wanted them to cover a wide area when roaming and that's why the path is the way it is. This way when they randomly move to points on the path, the odds of encountering the player is really high. For the jumping puzzle part, I added a pursuer to force the player to kill it first before embarking on the jumping platforms. Finally, there are 3 pursuers in the last part of the level. One of them roams near a healthpack so the player must go through it to heal up. The other two roam all around the area to also increase the chances the player will encounter one of them.  